“We are all like fireworks: We climb, we shine and always go our separate ways and become further apart. But even when that time comes, let’s not disappear like a firework and continue to shine… forever.” — Hitsugaya Toshiro (Bleach)

“Whatever you lose, you’ll find it again. But what you throw away you’ll never get back.” — Kenshin Himura (Rurouni Kenshin: Meiji Kenkaku Romantan)

“Religion, ideology, resources, land, spite, love or just because no matter how pathetic the reason, it’s enough to start war. War will never cease to exist… reasons can be thought up after the fact. Human nature pursues strife.” — Paine (Naruto Shippuden)

“People, who can’t throw something important away, can never hope to change anything.” — Armin Arlert (Shingeki no Kyojin / Attack on Titan)

“A person can change, at the moment when the person wishes to change.” — Haruhi Fujioka (Ouran Highschool Host Club)

“What good are dreams, if all you do is work? There’s more to life than hitting the books, I hope you know.” — Tamaki Suou (Ouran Highschool Host Club)

“If you don’t take risks, you can’t create a future!” — Monkey D. Luffy (One Piece)

“When you give up, that’s when the game ends.” — Mitsuyoshi Anzai (Slam Dunk)

"Mistakes are not shackles that halt one from stepping forward. Rather, they are that which sustain and grow one’s heart." - Mavis Vermillion (Fairy Tail)

"It's more important to master the cards you're holding than to complain about the ones your opponent was dealt." - Grimsley (Pokemon)

"Knowing what it feeks to be in painm is exactly why we try to be kind to others." - Jiraiya (Naruto)

"Fake people have an image to maintain/ Real people just don't care." - Hachiman Hikigaya (Yahari Ore No Seishun Love Come Wa Machigatteiru)

"Reject common sense to make the impossible possible." - Simon (Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann)

"If you really want to be strong....Stop caring about what your surrounding thinks of you." - Saitama (One Punch Man)

"How can you move forward if you keep regretting the past?" - Edward Elric (Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood)

"Do you always want to live hiding behind the mask you put up for the sake of others? You're you, and there's nothing wrong with that." - Ymir (Singeki no Kyojin / Attck on Titan)

"I hate perfection. To be perfect is to be unable to improve any further." - Kurotsuchi Mayuri (Bleach)

"There is no shame in falling down! True shame is to not stand up again!" - Shintaro Midorima (Kuroko no Basuke / Kuroko's Basketball)

"Giving up kills people. When people reject giving up.....they finally win the right to transcend humanity." - Alucard (Hellsing)

"You can't sit around envying other people's worlds. You have to go out and change your own." - Shinichi Chiaki (Nodame Cantabile)

"A teacher doesn't give up on their students just because things get tough." - Harumi Kiyama (A Certain Scientific Railgun)

"Anything can happen. No one ever thinks it will until it does. What will happen, happens. That's how the world is. The most important thing is to not let the tragedy defeat you. To beleive that you can get through it." - Kyosuke Natsume (Little Busters)

"Sometimes I do feel like I am a failure. Like there's no hope for me. But even so, I am not gonna give up. Ever!" - Izuku Midoriya (My Hero Academia)

"Who decides limits? And based on what? You said you worked hard? Well, maybe you need to work a little harder. Is that really the limit of your strength? Could you of tomorrow beat you today? Instad of giving in, move forward." - Saitama (One Punch Man)

"What you can't accomplish alone, becomes doable when you're with someone else." - Taichi Yaegashi (Kokoro Connect)

"You need to accept the fact that you are not the best and have all the will to strive to be better than anyone you face." - Roronao Zoro (One Piece)

"An excellet leader must be passionate because it's their duty to keep everyone moving forward." - Nico Yazawa (Love Live)
